new plants were created with genetic engineering .
the jadgal people speak the jadgali language .
wikipedia is free content that anyone may change .
the print collections include large collections of microform .
armenia received its independence from the soviet union in 1991 .
an electron microscope is a microscope that uses electrons .
this is known as the geocentric model of the universe .
calafat was started in the 14th century by genoese colonists .
french scientists made big scientific discoveries in the 18th century .
a rhombus with all angles equal is called a square .
the population of afghanistan is divided into many ethnic groups .
spanish is the language most people speak and the official language .
the country is the fifth largest in the world by area .
alanis has a twin brother and an older brother , chad .
he was sentenced to twenty-five years to life in prison in 1981 .
computing devices became more powerful and flexible during the 1930s and 1940s .
since then they have changed their name to palladium and played alongside amy winehouse .
a boot is a type of footwear that protects the foot and ankle .
during the war , iraq used chemical weapons against iranian forces and kurdish separatists .
december is the twelfth and last month of the year , with 31 days .
a naval mine is a bomb placed in water to destroy ships or submarines .
the receiving partner sits on top and wraps their legs around the penetrating partner .
he is also known for his work in mechanics , optics , and astronomy .
eruption causes deaths of livestock when they eat contaminated grass and also widespread crop failure .
an umbrella term is a word that provides a superset or grouping of related concepts .
during world war ii he worked on the possibility of using nuclear fission to develop new weapons .
the female often has a stripe along the back and the male may have blue spots .
because of this change some historians call this battle the beginning of the end of chivalry .
the typical elements of caper stories are humor , adventure , or unusual cleverness or audacity .
the experiment the earth travels very quickly -lrb- 100,000 km per hour -rrb- around the sun .
in computing , a protocol is the language used by computers while talking with each other .
kolding is a transportation , commercial , and manufacturing centre , and has many industrial companies .
where building codes allow , there may not even be handrails.building code will specify the distance .
24 % australians over the age of 15 regularly take part in in organised sporting activities .
egypt is famous for its very old monuments , such as the pyramids and the sphinx .
in 1973 , patrick white was awarded the nobel prize in literature , the only australian to have achieved this .
during the second world war , turing was a main participant in the efforts to break german ciphers .
the union army then ordered another charge with a large cavalry regiment that reinforced the union infantry .
in archaeology , an artifact or artefact is an object made or modified by a human culture .
he gives lulu a revolver , and tells her to kill herself , but she shoots schön instead .
an eclipse is an astronomical event.it is when one celestial object moves into the shadow of another celestial object .
the london journeys in 1790 , prince nikolaus died and his son became prince.haydn was put on a pension .
mosques are used to preach political messages , like peaceful co-existence with non-believers , even when there are problems .
the episodes ran 35 minutes , and many episodes were cut when repeated on the bbc or satellite channels .
the high yearly rainfall has eroded deep valleys in the central mountain.it has made canyons with many scenic waterfalls .
for most of its course , the river flows through tropical rainforest , there are very few roads and cities .
metamorphic rock which is made when either of the other two types are changed by high or low temperatures and pressures .
for all structures the pinnacle height is given.so the height of skyscrapers may differ from the values at list of skyscrapers .
attendance the event is one of the most popular events to watch in australia.some people dress in traditional formal raceday clothing .
some people think that before becoming a god , he was a chinese hermit and a reincarnation of a taoist god .
on these shows , he spoke about his visits to the united states and brazil and talked about their culture and lifestyle .
although it was producing strong convection and tropical storm-force sustained winds , it did not develop a low-level circulation until july 20 .
quizzes are also used in education and similar fields to improve the growth of someone 's knowledge , abilities , and/or skills .
in 1527 the révay family became its owners , and they took away the town privileges of mošovce for almost 400 years .
the user will only see the logical disk.the operating system will not see the raid , it will see a single disk .
by the 1980s , computers became small and cheap enough to replace simple mechanical controls in domestic appliances such as washing machines .
it has 80 prison cells built in the shape of a cross.there are exercise yards built between the arms of the cross .
it was not until the threat of invasion by the forces of spain in 1585 that lieutenants were appointed to all counties .
the average human male needs 7 to 8 hours sleep a day.a child needs more sleep , 9 to 10 hours on average .
in bigger , traditional mosques , there is often a building specially for washing . this is often in the center of the courtyard .
the work of nils aall barricelli in these fields started in the 1960s . he published a series of papers on the simulation of artificial selection .
by eschewing direct action in favor of influencing popular opinion , madison tried to make clear that the republicans were not moving toward disunion .
this is because testing is not allowed during the busy summer months and also because of the earlier closure of the tracks for repairs .
however , it limited the president to one seven-year term.chun did not try to change it so he could run for reelection in 1988 .
in the early days of settlement , singapore was sent indian convicts.their job was to clear the jungles for settlement and early public works .
the body can use about 91 % of the protein of a cooked eggs , nearly twice as much as from a raw egg .
it the second episode , aang was shown to be the current incarnation of the avatar , the spirit of the planet as a human .
in this period , women would also often give knights and warriors gifts that included thyme leaves.people believed it would bring courage to the bearer .
these banana shoots produce fibres of varying degrees of softness.they can be used for yarns and textiles of different qualties , and for specific uses .
his organ works , especially the grande pièce symphonique , were some of best french organ music to come from france in over a century .
he has recorded 23 albums and many hit singles , and written and produced songs for many of his labelmates and other artists as well .
the term was coined by thomas henry huxley in april 1860 . he used it to describe evolutionary concepts , including earlier concepts such as malthusianism and spencerism .
infants with this disease seem healthy at birth . if the disease is not treated , the person will suffer severe brain damage and eventually die .
almost as soon as he leaves , annius and the guard publius arrive to take vitellia to titus , who has now chosen her as his empress .
after that , she tried to get work in the opera in sweden again , but her place there was occupied by a new singer , henriette widerberg .
ernest macmillan gave lectures about each of the nine symphonies by beethoven , after which he and dale would play the whole symphony in a piano duet arrangement .
many consider the flavor to be very agreeable , but it is generally bitter if steeped in boiling water.it is therefore made using hot but not boiling water .
by 1928 , the regional government was moved from the old cossack capital novocherkassk to rostov.the nearby armenian town of nor nakhijevan became a part of the city .
deomyines share no morphological characteristics that can be used to separate them from other muroids . subtle aspects of the third upper molar have been suggested , though .
for example , in information theory , a signal is a codified message , ie , the sequence of states in a communications channel that encodes a message .
as a result , the rest of the muslim community is responsible for providing them with food , drinks , and whatever else they need during their stay .
eleven players were added into the category , but in 2000 the board of directors eliminated it and those inductees are now considered to be in the player category .
in 1877 his widow left # 6000 to the university of sydney as a memorial of him , which was used to start the william hilton hovell lectureship on geology and physical geography .
of course , all theories , including those known as laws , can be replaced by more accurate and more general laws , when a disagreement with data is found .
appearance a great hall was a rectangular room between one and a half and three times as long as it was wide , and also higher than it was wide .
fired bricks were much more resistant to cold and moist weather conditions.fired bricks enabled the construction of permanent buildings in regions where the harsher climate precluded the use of mud bricks .
fired bricks were much more resistant to cold and moist weather conditions.fired bricks enabled the construction of permanent buildings in regions where the harsher climate precluded the use of mud bricks .
the parts of an office suite are usually come together , have a standard user interface and usually can interact with each other , sometimes in ways operating system would not normally allow .
instead of finishing in london , the 2007 race will start in london and finish in glasgow.glasgow is using the event to increase the chance of it becoming the host of the 2014 commonwealth games .
in many cases , the woman is not even aware she was pregnant.most miscarriages occur very early.most spontaneous abortions occur so early in the pregnancy that the woman is not even aware that she was pregnant .
when the properties of nicotinic acid were discovered , it was thought prudent to choose a name to dissociate it from nicotine , in order to avoid the perception that vitamins or niacin-rich food contain nicotine .
another , a more romantic legend tells a story of a tatar princess söyembikä , who dropped a golden dish -lrb- golden qazan -rrb- in to the river on which the city is located while washing it .
for example , a shop might give away its stock in its promotion , but for the production of these goods , resources were needed , so this would not be a free good in an economic sense .
computers that used vacuum tubes as their electronic elements were in use throughout the 1950s . vacuum tube electronics were largely replaced in the 1960s by transistor-based electronics , which are smaller , faster and cheaper to produce .
it is therefore useless to email our contact addresses asking for permission to reproduce articles or images , even if the rules of operation of your company or school mandate that you ask web site operators before copying their content .
sustainability is an issue of major importance in the world of today.it needs to find new options for economic , social , and cultural development and a better use of natural resources for the benefit of the planet and its inhabitants .
however , it worked out for both parties involved , as the show did better in the ratings than it had on thursdays , while upn got much better ratings on fridays than it did before , with its movie night .
once overseas it is common for their passport to be taken away by the trafficker and to be warned of the consequences should they attempt to escape.this may include beatings , rape , threats of violence against their family and death threats .
everything that lives on earth is on top of the crust . below that is a layer of thick , liquid rock called the mantle . under that is a thin liquid layer called the outer core and then the solid iron inner core .
these units usually coincide with the german districts , in few cases an urban district and the surrounding district share the same letter code.usually if an urban district and a rural district share the code , the number of the following letters is different .
