genetic engineering has expanded the genes available to breeders to utilize in creating desired germlines for new crops .
the name person@1 applies specifically to groups that still speak the misc@1 language , in the location@1 region of location@2 and location@3 .
organization@1 is free content that anyone can edit and distribute .
the print collections are further supported by extensive microform holdings .
restoration of independence in number@1 , the location@1 broke apart and location@2 re-established its independence .
an electron microscope is a type of microscope that uses a particle beam of electrons to illuminate a specimen and create a highly-magnified image .
this is known as the geocentric model of the universe .
it was founded in the 14th century by misc@1 colonists , who employed large numbers of workmen -lrb- calfats -rrb- in repairing ships .
much of the misc@1 occurred in misc@2 intellectual circles , and major scientific breakthroughs were achieved by misc@2 scientists in the 18th century .
every rhombus is a parallelogram , and a rhombus with right angles is a square .
the population of location@1 is divided into a wide variety of ethnic groups of which misc@1 , misc@2 , misc@3 , misc@4 and person@1 .
the official language of location@1 is misc@1 , usually called castellano -lrb- misc@2 -rrb- by misc@3 .
it is the fifth largest country by geographical area , occupying nearly half of location@1 , the fifth most populous country , and the fourth most populous democracy in the world .
she has an older brother , location@1 , and a twin brother who is number@1 minutes younger than she is .
the judge ordered that person@1 should receive psychiatric treatment in prison and sentenced him to twenty years to life , slightly less than the maximum possible of twenty-five years to life .
a succession of steadily more powerful and flexible computing devices were constructed in the number@1 and number@2 , gradually adding the key features that are seen in modern computers .
since then they have changed their name to palladium and played alongside person@1 .
a boot is a type of footwear that covers at least the foot and the ankle and sometimes extends up to the knee or even the hip .
during the war , location@1 used chemical weapons against misc@1 forces fighting on the southern front and misc@2 separatists who were attempting to open up a northern front in location@1 with the help of location@2 .
december is the twelfth and last month of the year in the misc@1 and one of seven misc@2 months with the length of number@1 days .
a naval mine is a self-contained explosive device placed in water to destroy ships or submarines .
the penetrating partner stands , and the receiving partner wraps their arms around his neck , and their legs around his waist , thereby exposing either the vagina or anus to the man 's penis .
he is also renowned for his work in mechanics , fluid dynamics , optics , and astronomy .
the eruption causes deaths of livestock when they eat contaminated grass and also widespread crop failure .
an umbrella term is a word that provides a superset or grouping of related concepts , also called a hypernym .
in number@1 person@1 became a member of maud who were investigating the possibility of using nuclear fission to develop new weapons .
the female often has a stripe along the spine and dark sides while the male may have blue spots dorsally .
the combination of new weapons and tactics have caused many historians to consider this battle the beginning of the end of chivalry .
the caper story is distinguished from the straight crime story by elements of humor , adventure , or unusual cleverness or audacity .
earth travels a tremendous distance in its orbit around the sun , at a speed of around number@1 km/s or over number@2 km per hour .
in computing , a protocol is a set of rules which is used by computers to communicate with each other across a network .
it is a transportation , commercial , and manufacturing centre , and has numerous industrial companies , principally geared towards shipbuilding .
residential building codes will typically allow for steeper stairs than public building codes .
approximately number@1 % misc@1 over the age of number@2 regularly participate in organised sporting activities in location@1 .
location@1 is famous for its ancient civilization and some of the world 's most famous monuments , including the location@2 pyramid complex and its great sphinx .
in number@1 , person@1 was awarded the misc@1 , the only misc@2 to have achieved this .
during the second misc@1 , person@1 was a main participant in the efforts at location@1 to break misc@2 ciphers .
the organization@1 commanders then ordered another charge with a cavalry regiment that reinforced the union infantry .
in archaeology , an artifact or artefact is any object made or modified by a human culture , and often one later recovered by some archaeological endeavor .
he gives person@1 a revolver , and orders her to kill herself , but when the schoolboy comes out from under the table he is distracted and she shoots schön instead .
an eclipse is an astronomical event that occurs when one celestial object moves into the shadow of another .
the location@1 journeys in number@1 , prince person@1 died and was succeeded by a thoroughly unmusical prince who dismissed the entire musical establishment and put person@2 on a pension .
because of the importance in the community , mosques are used for preaching peaceful co-existence with non-believers , even in times of adversity .
the episodes ran number@1 minutes , and episodes were very often edited to a standard half-hour running time when repeated on the organization@1 or satellite channels .
the high annual rainfall has eroded deep valleys in the central mountains , carving out canyons with many scenic waterfalls .
however , the bulk of the river flows through tropical rainforest , where there are few roads and even fewer cities , so there is no need for crossings .
the third form of rock material found on location@1 is metamorphic rock , which is created from the transformation of pre-existing rock types through high pressures , high temperatures , or both .
for all structures the pinnacle height is given , so the height of skyscrapers may differ from the values at list of skyscrapers .
the event is one of the most popular spectator events in location@1 , with sometimes over number@1 people , some dressed in traditional formal raceday wear and others in all manner of exotic and amusing costumes , attending the race .
according to some , before attaining divinity , he was a misc@1 hermit of the sung dynasty and a reincarnation of the misc@2 god hsuan-wu .
in these shows , he narrated his experiences of his visits to the location@1 and location@2 , with anecdotes and witticisms about the culture , lifestyle and beauty of these places .
despite producing strong convection and tropical storm-force sustained winds , it failed to develop a low-level circulation until july number@1 .
quizzes are also brief assessments used in education and similar fields to measure growth in knowledge , abilities , and/or skills .
in number@1 it fell into the hands of the person@1 family , who suppressed the town privileges of location@1 for almost number@2 years .
this array distributes data across multiple disks , but the array is seen by the computer user and operating system as one single disk .
by the late number@1 , many products such as video recorders contained dedicated computers called microcontrollers , and they started to appear as a replacement to mechanical controls in domestic appliances such as washing machines .
the number@1 cell prison was built in the shape of a cross with radial exercise yards around a central hall and chapel .
however , it was not until the threat of invasion by the forces of location@1 in number@1 that lieutenants were appointed to all counties and counties corporate and became in effect permanent .
the average sleep requirement is between seven and nine continuous hours a day for an adult and nine to ten hours for a child ; elderly people usually sleep for six to seven hours .
in traditional mosques , this function is often elaborated into a freestanding building in the center of a courtyard .
here , simulations of evolution using evolutionary algorithms and artificial life started with the work of person@1 in the number@1 , and was extended by person@2 , who published a series of papers on simulation of artificial selection .
by eschewing direct action in favor of influencing popular opinion , person@1 tried to make clear that the misc@1 were not moving toward disunion .
the tramcar was rebuilt at a cost of # number@1 but will not be allowed to be re-tested until at least november number@2 as testing is not allowed during the busy summer months and because of the previous closure of the tracks for repairs .
however , it restricted the president to one seven-year term , and person@1 did not attempt to amend the document so he could run for reelection in number@1 .
in the early days of settlement , location@1 was the recipient of misc@1 convicts , who were tasked with clearing the jungles for settlement and early public works .
in addition , the protein in raw eggs is only number@1 % bio-available , whereas that of a cooked egg is nearer number@2 % bio-available , meaning the protein of cooked eggs is nearly twice as absorbable as the protein from raw eggs .
it is revealed in the second episode that he is the current incarnation of the avatar , the spirit of the planet manifested in human form .
in this period , women would also often give knights and warriors gifts that included thyme leaves as it was believed to bring courage to the bearer .
these banana shoots produce fibres of varying degrees of softness , yielding yarns and textiles with differing qualities for specific uses .
his works were some of the finest organ pieces to come from location@1 in over a century , and laid the groundwork for the misc@1 symphonic organ style .
wonder has recorded several critically acclaimed albums and hit singles , and writes and produces songs for many of his label mates and outside artists as well .
the term was coined by person@1 in april number@1 , and was used to describe evolutionary concepts , including earlier concepts such as malthusianism and spencerism .
infants with this disease seem healthy at birth but if left untreated suffer severe brain damage , and eventually die .
almost as soon as he leaves , person@1 and the guard person@2 arrive to escort person@3 to titus , who has now chosen her as his empress .
after the death of her husband in number@1 , she tried to find employment at the opera in location@1 , but was denied a position , as her place there had been filled by person@1 , and they were concerns that her voice had ben damaged .
person@1 gave lectures on each of the nine symphonies of person@2 which were followed by a performance of the symphony in piano duet arrangement played by person@1 and person@3 .
many consider the flavor to be very agreeable , but it is generally bitter if steeped in boiling water , so it is made using hot but not boiling water .
by number@1 , the regional government was moved from the old cossack capital location@1 to location@2 , which also engulfed the nearby misc@1 town of nor nakhijevan .
deomyines share no morphological characteristics that can be used to separate them from other muroids , though subtle aspects of the third upper molar have been suggested .
for example , in information theory , a signal is a codified message , that is , the sequence of states in a communication channel that encodes a message .
as a result , the rest of the misc@1 community is responsible for providing the participants with food , drinks , and whatever else they need during their stay .
eleven players were inducted into the category , but in number@1 the board of directors eliminated it and those inductees are now considered to be in the player category .
he died on number@1 november number@2 , and in number@3 his widow left # number@4 to the organization@1 as a memorial of him , which was used to found the person@1 lectureship on geology and physical geography .
of course , all theories , including those called scientific laws , can always be replaced by more accurate , generalized statements if a disagreement of theory with observed data is ever found .
a typical great hall was a rectangular room between one and a half and three times as long as it was wide , and also higher than it was wide .
being much more resistant to cold and moist weather conditions , brick enabled the construction of permanent buildings in regions where the harsher climate precluded the use of mud bricks .
being much more resistant to cold and moist weather conditions , brick enabled the construction of permanent buildings in regions where the harsher climate precluded the use of mud bricks .
the components are generally distributed together , have a consistent user interface and usually can interact with each other , sometimes in ways that the operating system would not normally allow .
instead of finishing in location@1 , the number@1 race started in location@1 and finished in location@2 , which used the event to boost its bid to host the number@2 commonwealth games .
most miscarriages occur very early in pregnancy , in most cases , they occur so early in the pregnancy that the woman is not even aware that she was pregnant .
when the biological significance of nicotinic acid was realized , it was thought appropriate to choose a name to dissociate it from nicotine , in order to avoid the perception that vitamins or niacin-rich food contains nicotine , or that cigarettes contain vitamins .
another , more romantic legend tells a story of a organization@1 princess person@1 , who dropped a golden dish -lrb- golden qazan -rrb- in to the river on which the city is located while washing it .
for example , a shop might give away its stock in its promotion , but producing these goods would still have required the use of scarce resources , so this would not be a free good in an economic sense .
computers using vacuum tubes as their electronic elements were in use throughout the number@1 , but by the number@2 had been largely replaced by transistor-based machines , which were smaller , faster , cheaper to produce , required less power , and were more reliable .
it is therefore pointless to email our contact addresses asking for permission to reproduce articles or images , even if rules at your company or school or organization mandate that you ask web site operators before copying their content .
sustainability is an issue of major transcendence in the contemporary world , which needs to find new options for economic , social , and cultural development ; seeking an improved utilization of natural resources for the benefit of the planet and its inhabitants .
it worked out for both parties involved , however , as the show did better in the ratings than it had on thursdays , while organization@1 received much better ratings on fridays than it did before , with its movie night .
once overseas it is common for their passport to be confiscated by the trafficker and to be warned of the consequences should they attempt to escape , including beatings , rape , threats of violence against their family and death threats .
earth 's interior remains active , with a thick layer of relatively solid mantle , a liquid outer core that generates a magnetic field , and a solid iron inner core .
these letters usually coincide with the misc@1 districts , in few cases an urban district and the surrounding non-urban district share the same letter code .
